Grid definitions begin with a logical line containing the keyword “GRID”, the
type of grid(circle, rhumb, or UTM) and, in the case of UTM grids only, a “UTM
parameters specification”. The second logical line defines the traverse
component of the conceptual grid.  Two points (specified as lat/longs in the
case of circle and rhumb grids,  and easting/northings in the case of UTM
grids) serve to locate the traverse reference line and establish its forward
direction (the line runs from the first point specified to the second).  The
points are followed by the number of the traverse reference line, whether
traverse line numbers are to increase to the right or the left of this line,
and the nominal distance between traverse lines.

The third logical line defines the control component of the conceptual grid.
The first quantity specified is the distance from the “start” point of the
traverse reference line (i.e. the first of the two points specified in defining
the traverse reference line) to the intersection of the traverse and control
reference lines.  This distance (the “control line offset”) is measured along
the traverse reference line in this line’s forward direction and is expressed
in metres. The second quantity is the angle at which both the control reference
line and all other control lines cross the traverse reference line.  The angle
is measured clockwise from the forward direction of the traverse reference line
to the forward direction of the control reference line."

The survey lines in the sequence file are generated automatically based on the
outline of the survey block. Only the lines or line segments falling inside the
block are kept.

As for the commands at the end of the file:

VERTMODE determines the type of vertical guidance. There are mainly 3 types:
VERTMODE GPS drapename.hgt 150 80     ;Fly drape mode using drapename.hgt. Fly
150m above drape. Warn pilots to Pull Up! when altimeter clearance is 80m or
less.  VERTMODE GPS FIXED 150 80                    ;Fly 150m fixed GPS height
(above WGS-84 Ellipsoid). Pull up height at 80m.  VERTMODE RADAR 150
;Fly at a fixed altimeter height of 150m

The VDEVSCALE and XTKSCALE commands determine the sensitivity of vertical and
horizontal guidance scales respectively. The full scale deflections are in
metres.

